It's not good
Officers and soldiers from the Criminal Department suddenly broke in
His Majesty has Ling with a sword, Wei Fist, Yuantu, suspected of arson and murder, and the officials took down all 1,000 people in the love house
Jail
What to do
Cheers.
Beautiful woman alone
You interested in a drink?
Ah!
Handsome guy alone?
Do you want your sister to accompany you for a drink?
My sister drinks well
Really? Let me see.
How are you?
This gentleman
Please move your bicycle parked outside.
Blocking other customers from parking
Bicycle misunderstanding
What bicycle?
I don't understand.
Ah you
Calm down
I calm down your mother
Your husband is too cruel
Sir, are you all right?
Gu Jiayuan
What's the matter, sir?
Sir are you all right sir
What the hell do I rely on
I thought I was drinking at a bar
How did you run to prison? Ancient costumes
Shit
I couldn't have been kidnapped by some pervert, could I?
Not hello
Hello? Hello?
Let me out!
I don't want to die here
Somebody! Anybody?
Help!
What are you shouting?
Shout again and break your legs
Brother, let me out
I'll give you whatever you want
Hey, your second uncle is suspected of arson and murder and murdering the court official
His Majesty personally ordered
Arrest all the Qin mansion
You still want to spend money on things
Dream on.
What the hell?
Emperor